# 🧾 UTS BDSOC Website Revamp – Meeting Notes (29-07 with Wasif)

---

## 🧠 Transfer Meeting – What to Ask:
- [ ] 🔐 Access to **WordPress**
- [ ] 🔍 Ask about how they did their **SEO**
- [ ] 🌐 Access to the **domain**
- [ ] 💻 Access to their **code**

---

## 💾 Code & Contribution
- [ ] 📄 Use **Markdown** (for technical stuff) vs **Google Docs** (e.g. dance team)
- [ ] 🌱 Let’s **open source it** → allow for pull requests
- [ ] 💡 Can **source future talent** through that as well

---

## 🧩 Website Components & Ideas
- [ ] 🧑‍🤝‍🧑 **Team page** should include past team as well → how far back we wanna go? *(Discuss with Orchi)*
- [ ] 🎞️ Use **Framer Motion** for animation — especially for the **gallery scroll**
- [ ] 📱 Focus more on **phone**, but ensure **laptop** is clean too *(most traffic will be from Instagram)*
- [ ] 🧭 Flesh out the **navbar** instead of it being squashed → include: Become a Member, Social Media, Different Pages
- [ ] ❌ **Get rid of the images as backgrounds!!**
- [ ] 🖼️ Potentially utilise the **image at the bottom of the home page** in the events section → clicking on an event image could link to its past **gallery**
- [ ] 🖼️ Flesh the **gallery** out more using **Framer Motion** animation
- [ ] 📝 On the **sports/dance pages**, include a **Google Form** to collect details (name, email) for contact when opportunities arise

---

## 🗣️ To Discuss with Orchi / Treasury in Next BDSOC Meeting
- [ ] 💳 **Cards**: $80, one-time purchase
- [ ] 📧 Using a **BDSOC email** to make the GitHub → should we use existing ones or make **specific webdev BDSOC emails**?
- [ ] ⏳ How far back are we showing the **past team**? *(2020?)*
- [ ] 📆 When can we organise a **transfer meeting** with the previous devs?

---

## ✅ Action Items
- [ ] 🛠️ **Wasif to make the GitHub** *(blocker – need to discuss email with Orchi before starting)*
- [ ] 📣 **Reach out to connections** to get Wasif an internship haha

---

## 📅 Web Dev Team – Next Meeting
- [ ] 📍 **Tuesday 7pm** to start discussing timeline
