# ğŸ§¾ UTS BDSOC Website Revamp â€“ Meeting Notes (29-07 with Wasif)

---

## ğŸ§  Transfer Meeting â€“ What to Ask:
- [ ] ğŸ” Access to **WordPress**
- [ ] ğŸ” Ask about how they did their **SEO**
- [ ] ğŸŒ Access to the **domain**
- [ ] ğŸ’» Access to their **code**

---

## ğŸ’¾ Code & Contribution
- [ ] ğŸ“„ Use **Markdown** (for technical stuff) vs **Google Docs** (e.g. dance team)
- [ ] ğŸŒ± Letâ€™s **open source it** â†’ allow for pull requests
- [ ] ğŸ’¡ Can **source future talent** through that as well

---

## ğŸ§© Website Components & Ideas
- [ ] ğŸ§‘â€ğŸ¤â€ğŸ§‘ **Team page** should include past team as well â†’ how far back we wanna go? *(Discuss with Orchi)*
- [ ] ğŸï¸ Use **Framer Motion** for animation â€” especially for the **gallery scroll**
- [ ] ğŸ“± Focus more on **phone**, but ensure **laptop** is clean too *(most traffic will be from Instagram)*
- [ ] ğŸ§­ Flesh out the **navbar** instead of it being squashed â†’ include: Become a Member, Social Media, Different Pages
- [ ] âŒ **Get rid of the images as backgrounds!!**
- [ ] ğŸ–¼ï¸ Potentially utilise the **image at the bottom of the home page** in the events section â†’ clicking on an event image could link to its past **gallery**
- [ ] ğŸ–¼ï¸ Flesh the **gallery** out more using **Framer Motion** animation
- [ ] ğŸ“ On the **sports/dance pages**, include a **Google Form** to collect details (name, email) for contact when opportunities arise

---

## ğŸ—£ï¸ To Discuss with Orchi / Treasury in Next BDSOC Meeting
- [ ] ğŸ’³ **Cards**: $80, one-time purchase
- [ ] ğŸ“§ Using a **BDSOC email** to make the GitHub â†’ should we use existing ones or make **specific webdev BDSOC emails**?
- [ ] â³ How far back are we showing the **past team**? *(2020?)*
- [ ] ğŸ“† When can we organise a **transfer meeting** with the previous devs?

---

## âœ… Action Items
- [ ] ğŸ› ï¸ **Wasif to make the GitHub** *(blocker â€“ need to discuss email with Orchi before starting)*
- [ ] ğŸ“£ **Reach out to connections** to get Wasif an internship haha

---

## ğŸ“… Web Dev Team â€“ Next Meeting
- [ ] ğŸ“ **Tuesday 7pm** to start discussing timeline
